A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
Big foot claims he saw Chuck Norris.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck can divide by zero.
Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Chuck Norris CAN find the end of a circle.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck Norris can make a slinky go upstairs.
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted.
Chuck Norris can sit in the corner of a round room.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris can speak French... In Russian.
Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a lemon
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Chuck Norris doesn't teabag , he potato sacks.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about high gas prices. His vehicles run on fear.
Chuck Norris' dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Chuck Norris has a diary. It's called the Guinness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris lost his virginity before his dad did.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norris once climbed Mt. Everest in 15 minutes, 14 of which he was building a snowman at the bottom.
Chuck Norris once smoked a cigarette, and the cigarette died of Chuck Cancer.
Chuck Norris once walked away from a fight with two broken ribs and a dislocated arm. He hasn't given them back yet...
Chuck Norris once went to mars. Thats why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck Norris runs Windows Vista on his Etch-a-Sketch.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.
Chuck Norris used to beat the shit out of his shadow because it was following to close. It now stands a safe 30 feet behind him.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murders in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack... even a heart isnt foolish enough to attack Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris's Blood Type is AK-47.
Chuck Norris's computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.
Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.
Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Every Chuck Norris joke is a five star joke just because it says Chuck Norris.
Fear of spiders is called arachnophobia, fear of tight spaces is called claustrophobia, and fear of Chuck Norris is just plain logic.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could rob a bank. By phone.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesn't say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the hell he wants.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... a suicide.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
The real reason Hitler killed himself is because he found out that Chuck Norris is Jewish.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
The reason the Holy Grail has never been recovered is because nobody is brave enough to ask Chuck Norris to give up his favourite coffee mug.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesn't try to survive. The zombies do.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris gets mad, run.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror the mirror shatters, because not even glass is stupid enough to get in between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
